So when we first heard about the tours, we were kind of wondering, well, you know, how are we going to get up to date?
I'm, you know, the information and what happens. So we were all sent an email with the an outline of the material.
We've actually got out on the street. We've actually walked to tour a number of times in art to be prepared for when the delegate gets conned.
So it's been a real group effort to try and sharpen ourselves up to do the best that we can do.
We had a couple of brainstorming sessions with hospitality team and a few creative people.
From around Ireland. It was really interesting. There was some graphic-based brothers and sisters and some other brothers and sisters that were amazing artists.
And we all come from completely different backgrounds artistically. So sitting there as a team, it was interesting seeing these different ideas come together.
It was a very exciting moment, I think.
The idea was to show hospitality to the brothers by giving them something unique.
Hopefully we could draw on the history of Ireland and the history of the organisation, but make something that just looked artistically really exciting and memorable as well.
Something local and something that they can take home and hopefully remember for many years.
There was something to read, there was something to keep, there was something to use. But more can they ask.
It was wonderful to be asked to play music among my brothers, with my brothers.
But everyone's just having like, so what you would laugh together and it's kind of, you're like this little family then, because you know, you have this big massive thing in common and you're all working towards the same thing.
I do it a thousand times over.
From the moment that we arrived we had huge signs saying welcome Jehovah's Witnesses. They explained everything to us, gave us our little welcome package.
We just felt privileged beyond compare, really truly privileged.
To have some wholesome entertainment and the song at the end. Just see yourself, I think everyone was crying.
I think it feels electric at the moment. Everyone just seemed so happy and it's nice to be with everyone, smiling away.
You come in, everyone's hugging each other, they're greeting, you don't even know their names, but they come in and feel welcome here.
To see the zeal of the brothers, even though they are so few in comparison to perhaps back in England, that's really infectious and that's inspired us, I think.
When we go back home, it's a trying to copy on that zeal and to take it on when we go back.
It was great just to be here. It'd be part of theocratic history for Ireland.
We feel the first time the world wide, brotherhood.
Yes.
Thank you very, very much.
We cannot thank them all, but we would, if we could.